speaks youtube guys here who spoke
mateus and let's go for another great card
blacks torhars game launch
Galapagos
Let's see what this little box comes to me.
It seems to be a really cool game.
is a game that calls the fast queue to
play knot with family members in a
little party
the box will start in the water
cool, and the carts are gigantic
the quality here gives the box very good
the stuff I really liked the
quality word of congratulation depression
Look at the size of this cargo
this is neither a manual nor a booklet
in a simple good done
the eyes look at the size of this load
finally at the personal stage I think a little
very very simple very beautiful
letter says dying man looks
that the size of the letter
look just came back curious that the staff
knows that a dam on the ruler measuring the
size of that letter here're eight
centimeters and a half
approximate the tattoo decreases while eight
and a half for 12 6 to more than 12 thousand
68 and a half players for 12 and even
size of this letter I do not think
It had to be that way in a
she comes in front she comes in history
so behind
the channel brings is speaking here in
how are these young people because
if you look like this the staff
behind there will see what the letter is great
gives to read depending on the distance
partnership quietly
I believe that within you placed
so it's not personal at the time of hiding
she should show this face
everyone is traffic and only person who
is what is making a game control
will be good here carlos are coined
many letters only this that comes to caxias
many many mantha and staff positions
but a boxing of a Galapagos card game
Did you like this?